The Zhao et al. manuscript entitled “ISmart Cutter: An Efficient Strategy for Increasing the Coverage and Accuracy of Chemical Cross-linking Analysis” describes systematically investigating the performance of trypsin “enhanced” and trypsin “orthometric” enzymes combined with trypsin, protease combinations provides complementary lys-lys cross-links and greatly improve the peptides identification. The study is relevant for CXMS community, however in its current state, many open questions and inaccurate descriptions remain:
#major:
1. The authors utilize many protease combinatios and non-spicific protease to improve the identification of ross-link peptides, that's "more cutter", not "smart cutter". In my opinion, “smart cutter" means using least digestion combinations to get most cross-link peptides. beacuse in real world samples, the amount of samples are not enough to do so many digestion combination. And more digestion samples need more mass spec time cost. It would be great if the methods could tell the most productive one or two digestion combinations for an given sample. That's cool and smart. 
2. The score of pLink 2 output for each PSM is not comparable cross both raw file and different digestion samples. It's suitable using E-value to do the statistical analysis in figure 3B at peptide level. 
3. The reliability of the identified spectrum worries me. From figure 3B, I found the score of a large number of trypsin-trypsin digestion spectrum is around or larger than 0.1, which means the low quality of spectrum. The authors should evaluate the accuracy of IDed spectra or link site by comparing with the crystal stucture of E.coli proteins.
#minor:
1. It's strange that the "AspN-Trypsin" and "GluC-Try" only have a small partial overlap with "Try-Try". Would setting the miss clavage number to 4 or 5 improve the overlap?
2. Could you analyze the overlap between these 8 digestion strategy. The results may tell 2 or 3 combinations can cover more than 90% sites. That's valuable for readers.
3. Page 10 line10, could the author justify the "PPI" means the interaction between proteins or just the inter-molecular cross-links.
4. Page 11 line 28, the sentence “Intra-linked information provides a better understanding of the conformation of protein homo-oligomers” is not right， because not all proteins have homo-oligomers.
5. It's seems that the author just use the pLink2 output (FDR 0.01) without furthur filtering using e-value or spectra counts cutoff.
